hello and welcome to the
company at max i run it today
curtains for the vw caddy maxi times before
here very nice gray in gray fits
Of course, very nice
The system consists entirely of 123456
Share this includes the passenger compartment
split off
which is attached here above as
addition come the push buttons and the
The curtains go down to buttocks
height
we bumped up and down again
so that the passengers use the one
do not get out of the way
Side curtains here are easy
the plastic cladding ago
births screwed in during transportation
So does not exist
changes here, we have such
you see the pushbuttons
integrated with the pages as well
are completed and thus theirs
is not impaired
at the rear long windows for the
maxi we have two curtains attached
instead of one
at the hack I'll show them right away
the curtains do not touch the
body
at the hack we have a separation
the same love have mounted the front
mounted it is easier does not bother
you can still use gasoline if you wish
then hang this up here too
Does not disturb the loading and unloading
The pages montage main is very simple
we have a 100 percent here
polyester fabric is also opaque one
page we have again beautiful
loops integrate sound into sound
printing samples also below
this is the profile the profile it 15
centimeters in width
During assembly, they just go over
the buttons from the original manufacturer here
Before drilling a screwdriver the same
from the outside the windows are here anyway
Tinted you see so because of
again two words to this separation
the front is mounted exactly like her
please do not go too far
rub here because keep it here
they do not screw again
Sorry about that
unprofessional video but better than
none of the sliding windows disturb us
neither
You can also find us at max.de
at x.com also vw caddy maxi at the
short vw caddy maxi are the system
it's just going to be a little bit , of course
the profiles are shortened
Curtains are led but also
but works very well for the maxi
recommended